Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-03-01T10:09:57-08:00

====== Discovery Introduction ======
Created Thursday 01 March 2018

We find ourselves caught between two layers of clouds. Above, there are patchy blobs of big fluffy clouds, interspersed with patches of a brilliant blue sky. Below, an impenetrable sea of heavy, rippling clouds. 

Cast your eyes towards the horizon, there you see a small speck cutting through the cloudy sea. Look closer, you see the speck is a ship, sailing away from you. There is a propellor like a windmill's at her stern, and grand golden lettering proclaiming her to be the 'Radiance' painted across her stern. 

Getting ever closer, we can see that this is no mere ship. On her ancient back there are mountains, lakes, and forests. This is a world ship. Skimming above her, we see places flash by, alpine meadows, a colossal mountain range, craggy foothills, a dark forest, rolling grasslands, and a scorching desert. Finally, as we get close to the very front of the bow, we see a city. There is a monolithic rock formation with a soaring aqueduct coming out of it, then a belt of vibrant green farmland, and the city itself. Heavy stone buildings with market stalls stuffed into every crevice and corner

We hear the sound now, a gentle roar comes up from the cities legions of inhabitants as they all try to cut themselves a deal. 

And now the smells, pungent spices, stinking sewage, cooking food, fresh laundry, the smells of civilisation. Then we arrive at the tip of the tip of Radiance, and we see it.

The market. The Heart of Commerce, the Pickpockets Paradise, The Jewel in the crown of this busy city. A Thousand multi-colored tent stalls clustered tightly together into the pointed spit formed by the joining of the two grand causeways. This is a place where anything can be bought or sold for the right price, a place where business comes above all, and every last creature is trying come out on top. 

Welcome to the Great Bazaar.
